// Tools used in building the program:
    Initial database setup was performed in the PSQL CLI.
    The program was coded in Java, using the graphical interface 
    library JavaFX. SQL commands were issued using the java.sql library.

// Components of the program:
    The program is built using the MVC-designpattern, with 'controllers' 
    handling logic, 'views' handling graphical components and 'models' 
    as objects containing data.

    SQLFiles:
        The SQL files used to create the database.

    Controllers:
        Main:
            Used to start the program. Initializes the first views.
        
        MainViewController:
            Controller for the main 'view' of the program. 
            Handles logic for the main UI.

        SQLController:
            Handles database queries.
            This is a static class that is called by the MainViewController
            when it needs to insert or retrieve data from the database.

        StartViewController:
            Controller for the 'start' view. Starts the main program when
            the user presses 'Start'.

    Models:
        Band:
            Represents a band in the database.

        ResponsibilityTable:
            Represents a table containing the connections between workers
            and bands / bandmembers.

        SecuritySchedule:
            Represents the schedule containing the security schedule
            for the festival.

        StageSchedule:
            Represents the schedule for the concerts at a specific stage.

        Worker:
            Represents a worker at the festival.


    Resources:
        Contains images used in the UI.

    Views:
        Contains the FXML files for JavaFX.
        These files contain information about the position and function
        of the graphical interface.

// Description of program use:
    The user is initially presented with a 'Start' Screen.
    The user needs to press 'Start' to continue.    
    The user is now presented with a schedule of the festivals concerts.

    The user can select a tab on the top of the window to change view.
    The following views exist:
    Schedule:
        Contains the schedule for the festivals different scenes.

    Bands:
        A list of all the bands performing at the festival.

    Administrator:
        Contains administrator features such as booking a band,
        assigning a contact person to a band,
        specifying a concert for a band
        and hiring a new worker.

    Security:
        Contains the security schedule for the festival.
        Shows what worker is responsible for security at 
        different scenes and times.

    Band Contact:
        Contains a list of how many band members each worker is
        a contact person for.



